Cleaned up all WebView2 articles (#1690)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/winui2.md

---
# Get started with WebView2 in WinUI 2 (UWP) apps (public preview)

In this article, you create your first WebView2 app in WinUI 2 (UWP), and learn about the main features of WebView2.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## API Reference

> For details about the WebView2 APIs which apply to UWP, see the WinRT API Reference:

Author: What is the relation between WinUI 2, UWP, and esp. WinRT?  How are they like the same thing?  

That question applies to the WebView2 API Ref page too, where it has a parent list item of "WinRT", not "WinUI 2" or UWP.  In fact that page needs to clarify and explicitly state these "equivalent" terms/platform names.  Which API Ref applies to which platform?

Author: Closing b/c this PR is not to add clarification of tech content; this PR is to cleanup existing content (word choice + tagging) + landing page fix.

1.  Click **OK**.  The **Settings** window might open, if you haven't done the following couple of steps yet.

1.  In the **Developer Mode** section, click **On**.  The **Use developer features** dialog box opens, to confirm turning on developer mode.

1.  Click **Yes**, then close the **Settings** window.

Visual studio displays the solution and project.

:::image type="content" source="media/new-project-created.msft.png" alt-text="The resulting project" lightbox="media/new-project-created.msft.png":::

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Step 3 - Install the WinUI 2 NuGet package

1. Right-click the project in Solution Explorer, and then select **Manage NuGet Packages**.

1. Select the **Browse** tab.

1. Select the **Include prerelease** check box.

1. In the **Search** box, enter `Microsoft.UI.Xaml`, and then select **Microsoft.UI.Xaml**.  Make sure that the **Version** is the latest prerelease, and then select **Install**.

   :::image type="content" source="media/winui2-nuget-package.msft.png" alt-text="The NuGet package manager" lightbox="media/winui2-nuget-package.msft.png":::

>    The **Preview Changes** dialog box displays.

Author: ```suggestion
   The **Preview Changes** dialog appears.
```

1. Click **OK**. The WebView2 SDK dependency is installed with WinUI 2.

   <!-- "Microsoft.UI.Xaml" here is equiv to WinUI 2; same team -->

> 1. The **License Acceptance** dialog box displays. Click**I Accept**.  The `readme.txt` displays.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The **License Acceptance** dialog is displayed.  Click **I Accept**.  The `readme.txt` file is displayed.
```
